Website Disclaimer

Thank you for visiting https://Cactusits.com. This disclaimer (“Disclaimer”) is a legally binding agreement between you (“user,” “visitor,” “you” or “your”) and this website (“we,” “our,” or “us”). It sets forth the general guidelines, disclosures, and terms of your use of this https://cactusits.com website (“website,” “services,” “products,” “information,” or “content”) operated by Cactusits.com.
 Please read this disclaimer carefully before continuing to use this website. Do not access and use the site if you do not agree to the terms of this disclaimer. 
By using this website or its services, you acknowledge that you have thoroughly read and also understand the terms of this disclaimer and hereby agree to be bound thereof.
 Disclaimer  The information or content displayed on this website is the intellectual property of the Cactusits.com. You may not reuse, republish, or reprint such information or content without our consent.

Employer Disclaimer
You agree and accept that the  cactusits.com website is open to all its customers and will contain Candidate Profiles about candidates looking for jobs. You strictly undertake that you will treat all candidate data as confidential and not use the  cactusits.com database of Candidate Profiles for any purpose other than to search for and find candidates to fulfil specific job opportunities.
You agree not to share, copy or transmit to a third party any candidate data, unless you have unambiguous evidence that the consent of the candidate to such transfer has been obtained. You will indemnify and hold Cactus websites harmless for any and all liability howsoever arising (to the fullest extent allowed by law) which the Cactus may incur should you use the cactusits.com database of Candidate Profiles or other data about individuals derived from this website for any other purpose other than that for which they were provided.
You agree to comply with the Terms of Use of this website and accept Cactus’ right to suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion without liability to you, if you breach such terms of use.

Candidate Disclaimer
You understand and consent that in order to facilitate the recruitment process on your behalf, Cactus may forward your details to clients at their sole discretion, and additionally display promotional excerpts from your details on the  cactusits.com website or other websites of the Cactus. You agree and accept that your present employer may access the cactusits.com and you unconditionally waive any and all claims you may have against Cactus as a result of any loss you may suffer as a result of the information being displayed on these websites.
You agree to comply with the Terms of Use of this website and accept Cactus’ right to suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion without liability to you, if you breach such terms of use. You accept that while Cactus will use its reasonable endeavours to find a suitable appointment for you, Cactus does not guarantee that any employer or client will ask for a candidate’s information, or will interview or hire a candidate.
Cactus makes no representation or warranty as to the final terms and duration of any appointment obtained through this Site. You waive any claims against Cactus for failure to find you such appointment or in relation to the terms or duration of any appointment.

All the information or content on this website is published in good faith and solely for general information and educational purposes. They are not in any way intended to serve as a substitute for professional advice. Our website is provided on an “as is” basis, and Cactusits.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind or in any form, whether express or implied, about the completeness, timeliness, reliability, availability, validity, suitability, and accuracy, or guarantee that there will be no losses, errors, and omissions with respect to the information, or content contained on this website. Any action taken in reliance on any such information or content provided on this website https://cactusits.com is strictly at your own risk. As a result, Cactusits.com, its partners, employees, or agents will not be held liable for any accruing loss or damage as a result of the use of, reliance on, and reference to our website, including without limitation, any special or incidental, direct or indirect, and punitive, or consequential loss or damage whatsoever. At Cactusits.com, we make every effort to keep the website running smoothly. However, we take no legal responsibility and will not be liable if the website is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible due to technical malfunctions beyond our control.
 External Links Disclaimer Through our website, you can follow links to visit external websites or content originating from third-party websites that are not in any way affiliated with Cactusits.com. While we try to provide only quality links to relevant and ethical websites, we have no control over the nature, content, accuracy, adequacy, reliability, validity, and availability of these sites. Accordingly, the inclusion of such links to other websites does not in any way imply a recommendation or endorsement for the services or products contained on those sites. Also, site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove broken or harmful links.
 Professional Disclaimer Cactusits.com does not contain professional advice. This site’s information and content are provided for general information and educational purposes only and are not substitutes for professional advice. We recommend that you also consult with the appropriate professionals before taking any actions based on such information, as the use or reliance of any such information contained on this site is solely at your own risk.
 Testimonial Disclaimer Cactusits.com may contain testimonials by users of services or products that reflect such users’ experiences and opinions. However, such experiences, opinions, and thoughts are personal to such users and do not necessarily represent all other users of our services or products. Testimonials are displayed verbatim except in grammatical and typing errors and long and extraneous information. Please be aware that the views or opinions in such testimonials belong to the user and do not represent the views of Cactusits.com. As a result, the testimonials should not be construed as representing the adequacy, reliability, validity, and availability of such services.
 Changes and Amendments We reserve the exclusive right to change or modify this policy and its terms at any given time by posting the updated version on https://cactusits.com. Notification of those changes will be promptly posted on this site should we update, amend, or modify this document. The continued use of this website and its services after any such changes shall be construed to be consent to such changes. However, we advise you to frequently visit this page to ensure that you are up-to-date with the latest changes.
 Consent By proceeding to use this website, you hereby acknowledge that you have read this disclaimer in its entirety and hereby consent to this disclaimer and agree to all of its terms. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this disclaimer, you are not permitted to continue to use or access this site and its services.
 Contact us If you require any information or have questions about this site’s disclaimer, please feel free to contact us by email at mirna@cactusits.com.